Equality checker (#57)
ba-st/Buoy: docs/Comparison.md

Equality checkers always performs a `==` comparison first and proceeds with the rest of the rules only if the objects are not identical.

By default `equalityChecker` is an instance of `PropertyBasedEqualityChecker` and it alredy knowns the receiving instance. It can be configured with:
- `compare: selector` will add a rule to the checker that sends the provided message on the receiver and target object and compare the results by `=`
- `compare: block` will add a rule to the checker that evaluates the provided block on the receiver and target object and compare the results by `=`
- `compareAll:` it's like `compare:` but receives a collection of selectors or blocks.
- `compareWith: block` receives a two argument block and will add a rule to the checker that evaluates that block with the receiver and target objects. It expects that `block` evaluates to a `Boolean`.

The property based equality checker has always an implicit rule checking first if the target object is of the same type of the receiver. You check all the configured rules by sending `checkAgainst:` to the checker with the target object.

> It's also available `SequenceableCollectionEqualityChecker` that can be used to compare two sequenceable collections by sending to it the message `check:against:` with both collections. It will check that both collections are sequenceable and contains the same elements in the same order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Buoy also offers a `SequenceableCollectionEqualityChecker` that can be used to compare two sequenceable collections by sending to it the message `check:against:` with both collections. It will check that both collections are sequenceable and contains the same elements in the same order.
```

### Examples

> This examples assume that equalityChecker is not reimplemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This examples assumes that equalityChecker is not reimplemented.
```
